Add Script Monitor API page (#2306)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/page-shield/src/content/reference/script-monitor-api.md

---
order: 1
pcx-content-type: reference
---

# Script Monitor API

You can change the Script Monitor status and fetch a list of currently monitored scripts using the [Script Monitor API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#script-monitor-properties).

> For authentication instructions, see [_Getting Started: Requests_](https://api.cloudflare.com/#getting-started-requests) in the Cloudflare API documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For authentication instructions, refer to [_Getting Started: Requests_](https://api.cloudflare.com/#getting-started-requests) in the Cloudflare API documentation.
```
